Add description how to write setting of pip and python (#107)
github/licensed: docs/sources/pip.md

#### virtual_env_dir (Required)

The `pip` command will be sourced from this directory.

> You have to add this setting to `.licensed.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to add this setting to your licensed configuration file.
```

Users might be using a different configuration file name

Author: That's right. I fix this as it.
